add bndtools workspace template fragment (#4685)
eclipse-tycho/tycho: src/site/markdown/BndBuild.md

#### Create executable jar

Tycho can also create an executable .jar file of your application based on a `.bndrun` file containing `-runbundles`, which you can then deploy and start.

Just add the following line to your `.mvn/maven.config` file or pass it on the maven commandline:

```
-Dbndrun.exports=mydemo.app
```

This automatically searches all your bundles for a file named `mydemo.app.bndrun`.

If you have a bundle `myappbundle` which contains `mydemo.app.bndrun`, then the build would create an executable jar at:

`/myappbundle/target/executable/mydemo.app.bndrun.jar`

Your build output looks like this:

```
[INFO] --- tycho-bnd:4.0.11:run (build) @ myappbundle ---
[INFO] Exporting mydemo.app.bndrun ...
[INFO] Exported to .../myappbundle/target/executable/tycho.demo.app.jar
```

## Mixed Builds

You can even combine a BND Workspace and PDE bundles in a build, see [demo](https://github.com/eclipse-tycho/tycho/tree/master/demo/bnd-pde-workspace).

## Troubleshooting

> Note: All properties in `.mvn/maven.config` can also be supplied via command line, for example to use a different tycho version use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: All properties in `.mvn/maven.config` can also be supplied via command line, for example to use a different tycho version use the following command line argument:
```

`mvn clean install -Dtycho-version=5.0.0-SNAPSHOT`

> This uses the snapshot build which is e.g. useful if you build tycho yourself on your local machine and want to test that build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This uses the snapshot build which is useful if you build tycho yourself on your local machine and want to test that build.
```

### polyglot.dump.pom

> E.g. `-Dpolyglot.dump.pom=pom-gen.xml` specifies that the generated pom.xml files which tycho polyglot creates is called `pom-gen.xml`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g., `-Dpolyglot.dump.pom=pom-gen.xml` specifies that the generated pom.xml files which tycho polyglot creates is called `pom-gen.xml`. 
```

This might be needed if you have name clashes with existing files in your build.

### tycho.pomless.aggregator.names

> `-Dtycho.pomless.aggregator.names=_dummydisabled_` is for handling a rare edge case: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command line argument `-Dtycho.pomless.aggregator.names=_dummydisabled_` is for handling a rare edge case: 
```

> In case you have your bnd workspace in a subfolder called one of `bundles`,`plugins`,`tests`,`features`,`sites`,`products`,`releng` then tycho can have problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you have your bnd workspace in a subfolder called named `bundles`, `plugins`, `tests`,`features`, `sites`,`products`, or `releng` then tycho can have problems.
```

The reason is that those names are kind of 'magic' names reserved for special usecases. 

> `-Dtycho.pomless.aggregator.names=_dummydisabled_` is a workaround to instruct Tycho to ignore those names. You can choose any word like `_dummydisabled_`, but just make sure you do not have a folder like this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-Dtycho.pomless.aggregator.names=_dummydisabled_` is a workaround to instruct Tycho to ignore those names. You can choose any word like `_dummydisabled_`, but just make sure you do not have a folder with that name.
```
